[MUSIC PLAYING]
WIM: Hello, and welcome
to the sixth and final week
of our Haskell Course.
You have come a long
way in these six weeks,
from the very basics of Haskell,
all the way to this week
where we will discuss
some more advanced topics.
First, there's type classes.
In their 1990s article,
the designers of Haskell
said that certainly the type
system is Haskell's most
innovative feature.
And we think this is at least
in part due to the type classes.
And then there is
monads, the mystery
at the heart of Haskell.
Now, what are they, and
what is their relationship
to type classes?
Also, there's the
lambda calculus,
the mathematical
formalism that underlies
functional programming.
It was invented by Alonzo
Church in the 1930s
to answer the question, what
does it mean to do computation.
All this and much more in
this final week of our course.
Enjoy.